Attending a company meeting without the opportunity to relive myself

Author: Holding4ever

*000*2025-11-16 08:48

So here I was attending a mandatory company meeting at my job first thing in the morning, I had to be at work earlier than usual to attend. So I didn’t have time to pee before I left home in a hurry to get there on time.

Fast forward, I arrived at work and sit down in the conference room with my peers, we were informed that the meeting would take around two hours to complete. Granted this was 8 am sharp, my bladder still holding from last night without relief at this point. I took a deep breath and took in my situation, trapped in this meeting with zero opportunity to go pee.

I found my composure and sit properly at first, ignoring my increasingly desperate need to go pee. Without raising suspicion I gently crossed my legs as the meeting went on. Then it hit me, a surge or a jolt of piss pings ringing throughout my body, I took another deep breath and paused for a moment, trying to regain control of my bladder. Then the worst of my fears became apparent, I was asked to stand up and give an overview of my teams work summary report to the chairman. I fidgeted a little as I spoke, desperately trying to get this portion of the meeting over with so I could sit back down. Unfortunately all eyes were on me now and my bladder felt like a overinflated balloon bound to pop.

After my summary report to the chairman and several company related questions and answers I was able to sit back down again. My bladder at this point in the meeting was a dull aching throbbing sensation, *I really need to pee* I thought to myself, trying to remain as composed as I possibly could. I couldn’t hold myself using my hands so I tightened my grip with my legs as the meeting reached the hour and 30 minutes point.

I bit my lip, my thighs in pain at this point. The urge to pee felt so surreal, especially when I’m surrounded by high up corporate company executives. I felt like I was in a daze, only thing on my mind was to pee, nothing else mattered. My panties were very hot and humid, my bladder desperately trying to come out as I anchored myself in my chair. My desperate need to pee was now becoming more noticeable, it was nearly impossible to maintain my composure now. I found myself constantly looking up at the clock saying to myself “Please for the love of god hurry up! I gotta pee so fucking bad!!” But I dare not say that out loud. As time passed the chairman made some statements and did a small brief overview of what was discussed.

FINALLY the meeting came to a close and the executives asked if anyone had any remaining questions for them, I gripped my chair in anticipation just waiting for the words to free me from this piss prison I’ve put myself into. The moment he ended the meeting, I scurried out quickly, I felt a warm sensation trickling down my leg, “fuck! fuck! fuck! not here!” I told myself, at this point I was nearly in a full blown sprint to the bathroom. My bladder was at its limit, the floodgates were about to open entirely.

I spotted the door and rushed in, slightly slamming it behind me in the process with just enough time to spare, undoing my belt off my pants and removing them quickly before I even got fully into the stall, basically throwing myself on the toilet the very moment it became to flood out.

Ahhhh!!!! Finally sweet relief, it felt like an orgasm of pee flooding out like an intense high pressure waterfall with seemingly unstoppable force. It took almost a full minute to finally get my stream to seem like a normal pee.

Fuck it felt so freaking good I was almost in tears from the extreme relief of letting it go. I never peed that day up until that point and it was incredibly intense, more so than my at home pee holds!

*002*2025-11-16 09:12

{{4 minutes ago, MikeB said:

No morning pee, to hold the urine from the night for hours is always especially exciting!

Great experience!

How long was your holding period? When did you pee at the evening before and how long have you been holding it the next day?

Was your bladder visibly bulging out of your belly?

}}

Yeah! It was honestly an incredible hold on my part, I was excited AND exhausted at the same time.

From the time I woke up at 7 am to drive to work, to the end of the meeting which began at 8 am, concluded at 10 am. (Technically around 10:20 due to additional end of meeting questions from my peers)

Yes! By the end of the meeting I believe my bladder looked visibly bulged from a visual standpoint, but then again I wouldn’t know from a 3rd person perspective of how I appeared to others.

Although one of my colleagues asked me after I got out of the bathroom, only because as it turns out she needed to pee as well. Though I’d probably say not quite as badly as I needed to. But I definitely think she noticed, however I also think she chose to keep it professional and not bring it up.

*010*2025-11-18 05:26

{{On 11/16/2025 at 7:30 AM, empty2 said:

How wet were your pants and underwear at the end of this?

}}

My left leg of my pants were a bit soaked as a trail leading downward, but nothing super crazy. I simply got a paper towel and put some water on it to help mix with the pee in my pants so it didn’t smell quite as bad. Then I used the hand dryer to lightly dry them before returning to work. My panties themselves were basically almost all wet from the bottom down, luckily I keep a spare in my purse. So this turned out to be a non issue here.

{{On 11/16/2025 at 5:37 PM, my_pee_anon said:

I’d love to know more about your business attire. What were you wearing for the meeting, and how does it compare to what you wear when holding at home?

}}

I typically wear dress pants, and a button up shirt. We do have the option to wear skirts as well as long as they are past knee length, but it’s getting colder here in Canada so I don’t wear them this time of year.

*012*2026-01-19 01:04

{{On 11/16/2025 at 3:20 PM, Apan said:

Just out of curiosity to try to get into the mind of someone in this situation: Had the meeting dragged on for longer, let's say a couple of additional questions triggering a lengthy discussion, would you have excused yourself eventually, or how do you imagine it would have played out?

}}

Sorry for the late response! I think if it would have dragged out longer I definitely would’ve asked to be excused, even for me with an experienced bladder to holding my pee I kinda know when my absolute bursting point is.

No way I could have made it any longer..

*016*2026-01-19 07:25

{{4 hours ago, wettingman said:

Having to go to work having to hold your overnight pee through a 2hr21 minute meeting is incredible .it had to take enormous effort to sit relatively still and try to focus on the meeting and holding your pee . Awesome story .Thank you for sharing and filling in the details. At least nobody noticed you didn't quite make it.

}}

It was definitely a major struggle, glad you all enjoyed it though! Hopefully I’ll have more stories like this to share as time goes on, totally unplanned for this one in particular. I think it makes it more fun in my opinion when it happens.

*020*2026-01-23 10:22

{{On 1/19/2026 at 11:52 PM, Antispam said:

Clarification , do you mean you took the belt completely off before getting into the stall , or your pants?

}}

Yeah I was taking it off as I was entering the bathroom, was almost off before entering the stall.

