Risky Relief

Author: holdenthusiast

*000*2025-12-18 05:37

Nothing too crazy in terms of lead up here, but I've had a few beers and my fiancee decides she wants to take a shower. This would usually be fine but my bladder is still sort of weak from holding earlier this week and she takes VERY long showers. I peed right before she hopped in, which normally would mean I'm in the clear for a couple hours. This time however I'm very aware of my need to go not even 30 minutes later. I'm watching youtube to distract myself but eventually I feel my need spike and I leak a little into my boxers. At this point I know I'm probably not going to make it much longer so I have to decide what to do. Instead of peeing into a cup like a normal person and waiting for her to exit the shower, in my tipsy mind I think it would be a great and exciting idea to squat down and let out a little bit of piss on the public facing balcony in the dead of night. So that's exactly what I do.

I hold myself and waddle over to the balcony door, quietly unlock and slide it open, undo my pants, pull them down and squat down as close as I can to the door to minimize risk of others seeing me. Luckily I live on the top floor of the building and I know for a fact there are no cameras around. I shuffle a bit to get comfortable before relaxing for a good 5 seconds, hearing my piss hit the ground and feeling amazing relief. Then comes the hard part where I have to clench as hard as I can to cut off my stream. 

Somehow I stop and manage to pull my pants up, tie them, rub my crotch to be rid of any dripping that might go down my legs and head back inside to my room. Nobody has any idea I just did this and it's incredibly exciting. I started to get slightly desperate again and then my fiancee left the bathroom, we kiss and she leaves. I have to hold myself again and as I'm hovering by the toilet undoing my pants I start leaking, rip my pants down and piss again for maybe 5-8 seconds before cutting off my stream and going back to my chair. I'm going to have to pee again soon and I can't wait lol.

*002*2025-12-19 02:43

{{16 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

Because I enjoy the urgency and not wetting, I've done the partial pees bit. It takes practice to successfully cut off the flow after 10 seconds or so, and if I've done that several times in a row while having a few beers it becomes less successful and I experience leakage, even when I try hard to hold it in. I think even those with strong sphincters might have that problem if they do it repeatedly during the evening.

}}

Right there with you, I greatly prefer the urgency over the wetting aspect. If my bladder is full enough there's absolutely nothing I can do to stop peeing mid-flow, I've only ever been able to slow it down to a trickle but it usually never stops completely. Clearly I wasn't that full last night and it definitely didn't help that I was already weak haha.

