Wet night in bed

Author: Helena

*000*2023-02-19 17:27

About once a month I get the urge to wet my bed. Last night was one of those ocations.

My husband and I had watched a movie on Netflix, and we had some Cola and wine to drink. During the evening I started to think that this was to become a wet night. So I drank quite a lot. After the movie we went to bed, but first I drank another four bit glasses of water. I could really feel how much liquid there were in my stomach.

So, eventually I fell a sleep, but woke up again just two hours later, bursting! I almost emidiatly let it go in my panties, making a puddle under my bum in bed. It started to spread up my back and down my legs. It was definatly a big one. I fell a sleep again, just to wake up just an hour later, bursting! Let go again, and the wetness found again It’s way up my back and down my legs. I peed another two times during the night. At seven I heard my husband go up to let our cat out. When he returned he said ”good morning”, and I said in a low childish voice ”My bed is pee wet”. ”Oh, hunny”, he said. ”Very pee wet”, I said. I went up to find some towels to put in my bed and turned the wet duvet around to avoid the wet spot. Then we slept for some more hours.

Took a picture of my pee stained bed before laundry. 😊

*003*2023-02-20 11:59

{{16 hours ago, OldWetGuy said:

I can’t do “Wetting Nights” anymore, the lady who is now my wife doesn’t approve.

There was a time though when I would tank up as you described and then go again and again all night long. I really do miss those times.

Enjoy your wet nights and be thankful that you have a partner that supports your little “accidents”.

}}

Yes, I´m thankful and lucky. But I can see that you still wet your pants, so I suppose your wife "approve" that? Can you wet yourself in her presence if the urge hit?

Well, I also think one get used to things gradually. So, when I first started to wet my bed it was maybe once or twice a year. Then it was more often and now it´s about once a month. Maybe you can try to have an accident in bed, and then another one a couple of months later and see how she react. Best is of course to talk with each other.

*009*2023-02-21 18:32

{{12 hours ago, Espor said:

I enjoy that too. And to just let go without any worry. Sadly I had a few mattress protections that failed on me still soaking the mattress. I am extremely worried about mold and also prefer to sleep in a dry bed next night. As much as I enjoy wetting the bed I can't sleep very well after it. I envy you for being able to do it so carefree

}}

My mattress protection is made of Tencell. It breathe and will not get hot, and of course keep the wetness to the sheet and comforter. Paid equivalent of 25 $.

{{13 hours ago, curious_cat said:

Aw that is so sweet. I love how supportive your husband is of your accidents! Does he know they're on purpose?

I've always wanted to do something similar, but I don't think I have the courage. When I wet the bed it's always by accident! 💕

}}

Yes, he does. As well as he knows that I pee my pants on purpose. He is very understanding. A keeper…! 🥰

*011*2023-02-21 19:12

{{6 minutes ago, nappypants said:

Have you ever tried a diaper or an absorbent bed pad/mattress cover to make wetting in bed easier to deal with?

}}

Nope! 😉😊😄

*017*2023-06-13 22:20

{{On 5/21/2023 at 12:38 PM, 02Durty said:

Has your husband started to notice signs that you are probably going to wet? The increased liquid intake and such?

}}

Yes, he will be suspisius when I drink a big cup of tea right before bedtime. Especially when I refill…

One wet morning when I confessed that I had wet the bed during the night, and that I did it on purpose, he responded ”I’m not suprized, drinking a litre of tea…”. But later in the evening when we went to bed he also comment that it was nice with a freshly made bed. So he is supportive even if he dosn’t take part.

